Update MDM commands documentation with usage details (#49657)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/mdm-commands.md

</plist>
```

> > Custom MDM commands currently only support removing profiles that were delivered via the device (system) channel. Profiles delivered via the user channel cannot be removed using this method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you're trying to remove macOS configuration profiles via the `RemoveProfile` command, currently this endpoint, and `fleetctl run mdm command` command, only support removing profiles that were delivered via the device (system) channel.
```

@melpike looking good! Proposed some language tweaks and brought in the fleetctl command.

Also, one more thing I think we want to explain: how do I know, as an IT admin, if a profile is device v. user? Is there a spot in the UI I can check?

Author: @noahtalerman made some changes!

</plist>
```

> > If you're trying to remove macOS configuration profiles via the `RemoveProfile` command, note that this endpoint (and `fleetctl run mdm command`) sends commands on the device channel only. User-scoped profiles installed via the user channel cannot be removed this way. In Fleet, in **host details > OS settings** profiles will have an icon indicator <img width="18" height="18" valign="text-bottom" alt="Screenshot 2026-07-21 at 1 08 29 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0e5d32dd-5d91-4aae-8900-68eadf83ba95" /> when it is user-scoped.

Reviewer: ```
<img width="18" height="18" valign="text-bottom" alt="Screenshot 2026-07-21 at 1 08 29 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0e5d32dd-5d91-4aae-8900-68eadf83ba95" />
```

@mike-j-thomas @eashaw  just checking, are we ok w/ doing images in guides this way? Instead of them living under `website/articles/assets/`?

cc @melpike

Reviewer 2: I think probably best to keep them in the same place, but up to @eashaw. Will they still render in the guide if someone were viewing the guide via GitHub, or is that an unlikely scenario?

Author: @noahtalerman @eashaw I updated and put the icon in `website/assets/images` (I didn't see `website/articles/assets/`)—was that the right place?

Reviewer 3: @melpike not quite, can you rename the image to include its CSS pixel dimensions (`user-scope-icon-16x16@2x.png`), move the image into the `website/assets/images/articles/` folder, and update the link to be a relative link to the image from the top-level `articles/` folder (e.g., `![User scope icon](../website/assets/images/articles/user-scope-icon-16x16@2x.png)`)?

Author: @eashaw Thanks! After all that... I don't suppose there's a way to align this with the text? 

<img width="1018" height="92" alt="Screenshot 2026-07-27 at 3 18 35 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6931454f-223f-481b-a315-a170f7fc8b16" />

Reviewer 2: @melpike, your adventure continues beyond how the icon is displayed when viewing on GitHub, I'm afraid. The icon breaks the layout when rendered on the site. 

<img width="763" height="210" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d2353dcc-1298-4871-bf26-aa071de31173" />

It's inheriting the `display: flex` and the top and right margin from the tool tip `<img>`. Perhaps the icon can be wrapped in an html tag with `style="display: inline; margin: 0;"`? (@eashaw 🧐)

<img width="217" height="160" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7ab7a336-bcaf-4b19-8f55-ddd8b69b12ad" />

Aside from that, there are a few other issues with the image file that are breaking the website build script:

- The filename is missing the required `@2x,` e.g., `user-scope-icon-16x16@2x.png`
- Since it's rendered at 2x, the image itself needs to be 32px; otherwise, it will be rendered fuzzy
- The relative link also needs `@2x` added to match
- I noticed that your image is actually 17px (there's a 1px white space on the right and bottom edge. Probably a weird Figma export thing).

Author: @mike-j-thomas How badly do we need the icon in there? I'm ok saying goodbye to it in the doc if you think it's ok without.

Reviewer 2: @melpike, I was considering the same thing, but it's clearer with the icon, and it looks like the HTML fix works. I made the commit. If you could just resize the image to 32px and upload with the filename `user-scope-icon-16x16@2x.png`, we're good to merge.

<img width="623" height="235" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/557e23a2-201b-4b03-9183-151f496ae9e3" />

Author: @mike-j-thomas updated! Looks like it wants another approval before I can merge.
